[PAN-3100] Add Privacy Marker Transaction content. (#32)
PegaSysEng/doc.pantheon: docs/Concepts/Privacy/Private-Transaction-Processing.md

- **Privacy Marker Transaction**: Public Ethereum transaction with a payload of the transaction hash of the 
private transaction. The `to` attribute of the Privacy Marker Transaction is the address of the privacy precompile contract. 

> The Privacy Marker Transaction is [signed with a random key or private key](../../HowTo/Use-Privacy/Sign-Privacy-Marker-Transactions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Privacy Marker Transaction is [signed with a random key or the key specified on the command line](../../HowTo/Use-Privacy/Sign-Privacy-Marker-Transactions.md).
```

Author: Yes, makes it clearer.
